Issues.
Oh wait.
****.
I worked.
I'm gonna recording.
Yeah.
Good.
I I started recording.
OK. I'm sorry.
This.
I'm sorry, Max.
Go on.
I worked on the visualizing the maps again to maps in one visual and I worked a little bit on the machine learning model.
You have any issues?
Uh.
Yeah, visualizing those maps, it's just shifts.
Doesn't work.
That doesn't work that well.
I can confirm.
It's really difficult.
Michael, what did you say?
That I can confirm what he says.
It's really difficult to do.
This is the will be done or do you guys need help?
Uh, I do actually need help with it.
Hello.
Yeah, it's it's really difficult.
Alright, we can discuss it tomorrow.
Some some stuff. I.
Yeah, some stuff.
I'm just enabled to visualize, but yeah, I think for now we need to finish that.
At least the home page on streamlets.
Umm.
That we can. Uh.
Make subpages or something like that to uh.
Our baseline machine learning model and a new page with map visuals and stuff so that that part is done already.
Maybe we can change it so that during tomorrow's spring telling them like maybe more people can work on the match.
Umm.
Alright, So what did you do yesterday?
What are you doing today?
And you have an issues.
Uh, yesterday I went with my cat to the pets.
That.
Uh, are they didn't echo on him and he's he's fine.
I mean, they think he has some sign, some sort of intestine infection, but we changed his food and we got some medicine.
But he'll be fine.
That's good.
He's just bald now on his belly, so I didn't work too much on school, but today I will duty correlation on streamlets and if you have time more where you can.
I don't.
I'm not sure if you already worked on the wire frame, but I can try to also like start coding for that for streamload.
Umm yeah, we can discuss that later.
OK.
I'm planning on like finishing the so it's called the quality report today.
Do you have any issues with something or?
No.
Uh.
Because Tuesday uh, I successfully deployed my Streamlight tutorial page, so I'm happy with that.
OK.
So now that I know how it works, I can finally work on it.
2 Michael.
Umm. Or second.
Sorry.
Umm what I did yesterday?
Umm.
I made a map with like on the unemployment rate in in Bredar and I started working on the machine learning model, so that's what I'm going to do today as well the model.
And you have any issues with that, I mean you just agreed with math, so?
Umm.
Yeah.
Like that's, I mean, I'm not going to work on the maps because like Max has done so.
I don't know.
Alright.
No, no.
But we'll see probably.
Right.
Wait, I'm gonna share my screen for a bit.
So we can like look at to try to pull it all together.
OK.
Hold up.
OK. Umm.
Can you guys see it?
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
No, I don't.
You don't.
Uh, wait.
And now I do.
All right.
But so, OK, tomorrow's Friday.
I think I'll be done with the data quality report then and then I'll probably also start the wireframe ohm.
When do you guys want to talk about the input and output selection?
Before we actually start working on a model.
Yeah, I mean it should have done this before, but.
Through.
Honestly.
Umm.
He said.
Do you think he will be done with the correlation tomorrow or?
Yeah.
All right, so at least we got things done this week.
Yeah, and stream with will also be done tomorrow.
I mean, I'm already done with my part, but.
I mean, yeah, I can.
Could also try to work with three minute, then cause since Michael was like busy with the map data.
Mm-hmm.
All right.
I mean, because I'm gonna say something.
So what is everyone going to do today?
I mean, I think around already said that I'll be working on the data quality report and start the wireframe for the dashboard.
And yeah, what are you going to do?
I'm gonna work on the map data EDA and probably dive into streamline.
I'm gonna try to make a homepage.
Alright, these are Michael.
For me.
I'm ohh now you first.
OK.
Ohh yeah, I'll try to do that model.
I mean, we have to like talk about the like inputs outputs, but I will like build a model with all the all the smallest of the data we have and then we can choose maybe.
OK.
Chef, everyone is busy with something now, so we'll just we can maybe talk tomorrow at the start and then, yeah.
Uh-huh.
How many weeks do we have left too, right?
To.
Like 1 1/2.
Yeah, basically 1 1/2.
Yeah, she hit.
Yeah.
You know a lot to do.
Not much.
Yeah, I mean there is cause I just looked also at the self assessment rubric.
Mm-hmm.
And when you take a look at ILO seven, it says clear individual contribution is documented and Python scripts are delivered in in place of Jupiter notebooks and we don't have that at all.
So we still have to do that.
For which course area is.
Uh, poor.
Sure.
It.
Yep.
Uh.
And we still have to do with that.
So.
All right.
Wait, let me.
I mean.
And we also need a package manager that poetry stuff. Uh.
No, let's talk about this to alican tomorrow, but because maybe streamate is enough for the silo, that's what he said.
I think like this is.
No, but if it's if, if it says Python scripts need to be delivered, we need to deliver Python scripts.
I mean, yeah, the Python scripts as well.
OK, never mind then I need to look look at it.
Yep.
And we need to further work on.
We can do that tomorrow.
That's poetry.
Stuff that Dean showed us.
There's.
That presentation he did.
Yeah.
Yeah, we can.
We can, but that. Uh-huh.
But with this thing is I guess that we can do this at the end like when you are ready with the maps that we have and we have the quote just yeah, move it the poetry then we will do whatever we we have to like some.
So we have.
Yeah, but I think that package manager is most important now because we will all be working on the same on the same model and for that we all need to have the same packages installed.
So what do you want to have it already?
Now, what do you?
Uh, no, no, no.
We can.
OK.
We can do that tomorrow because today we're not really gonna work on the on the model and I also don't quite remember how to.
Put different packages in that poetry file.
That's all file.
OK, alright.
So I need to ask Dean.
I mean I I think I know, but I will will see tomorrow.
Sure.
But yeah, so that's like the point for tomorrow that we need to remember.
Yep, Yep.
You know, it's just discuss it tomorrow though.
Sprint planning can add more cards.
Yep.
That that I think.
Alright, look at.
So I think I'm gonna going to start working.
Two.
See you guys.
Good luck.
Right.
Yeah.
Same yes, good luck.